(v2) fix(daemon): add token authentication by porting #2762 (#2805)
zowe/zowe-cli: packages/cli/CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to the Zowe CLI package will be documented in this file.

## Recent Changes

> - BugFix: Hardened daemon client authentication so that another local user cannot drive a daemon they do not own. The daemon now generates a random secret token at startup, stores it in the owner-only `daemon_pid.json` file, and requires every client request to echo it back (compared in constant time). Because only the owner can read that file, this closes a gap on Windows, where the named pipe can be opened by local users other than the owner and the previously self-asserted user name check was insufficient. [#TBD](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/pull/TBD)

Reviewer: Thoughts on omitting some of the technical details? Also, missing the PR number:

```suggestion
- BugFix: Hardened daemon client authentication so that another local user cannot drive a daemon they do not own. [#2805](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/pull/2805)
```
